After being hired by a sub-standard oil change shop to revamp their computer system, you've been hired by the only more Flinstonesesque business operation in the world to do their mail system: the Irving Mailroom. In order to speed up their notoriously efficient handling process, the Irving mailroom has decided to try to digitally keep track of where all the packages are. They have decided to ask you to create a simulation of their current system, so that they have to change as little as possible about the (frankly brilliant) way they do things now. In the Irving mailroom, there are usually 5 stacks of packages, and there's room in the middle to make another stack while searching for your package through the other stacks. The stacks accumulate daily when the UPS delivery person comes in and dumps packages on the stacks. The stacks are filled alphabetically (A-G, H-J, K-M, N-R, S-Z), however, if one is full (more than 7 packages), the package will be placed on the nearest non-full stack. Your job is to be able to tell the mail person where to put the package, tell the worker which stack someone's package is in, how many packages someone has, and to simulate moving packages onto a floor stack in order to help the workers figure out how to get a package. The floor stack is special, because it can be piled as high as the workers want (there should never be a full stack exception). The workers also sometimes rearrange the stacks, so we must be able to simulate that for them, and help them identify packages that aren't in the expected stack. Finally, each package will have an arrival date. Whenever the day is advanced, packages older than 5 days should be identified and removed.
